fell you're going to make a big name just a
child I am a man I feel today explored
all zorita and there's a lot to do a lot
to know
blessed lonely my world turns when
you fall like a face
but it's not grow when I feel good
I had fun alone
and fell
m
life
i
I like that they stay to sleep with me
and look at this is what you get in this
history is called callus sleep at home
of leo everything started when I read the friend
from here I invite him to sleep in his house
and her mom packed her things
franz liszt
rooster of son you do not forget anything
it's true if you stop to sleep at home
lion you need a pajama well it's all
this was the first time he fell
was staying at a friend's house and
I was very excited
let's go here I'm sure to forget
pack something but what can it be
let's think more beautiful villa more brush
dental toothbrush the bear
well now you have everything you're ready
leo's dad had made him a little house
in the tree and here you loved to play
in it
but not at all
it's dinner time , let's go, kids, to wash
hands
there is one was having fun at home
I read but at dinner time I
he began to feel alone he was thinking of his
dad and his mom and at home you do not have
hunger fell
let's see which of the two ends first and
win the race to eat the dessert
Y
and soon it was time to sleep for
kaihui leo
that you help covered that until you wash
teeth was fun at leo's house
but at bedtime I
He missed his dad and his mom very much
his house was beginning to feel very sad
they are ready to sleep in bed
it fell
good night love the heavens that you
pass callus
I'll tell you what we 'll do because it's not better
we talk to your mom on the phone
her teddy also wants to return me has
been poor you should feel very lonely
put in your bag that you want so much
I had to go to sleep at leo's house
when he fell he thought of his teddy bear no longer
he wanted to go to his house he took out his teddy bear and
he gave a strong kiss
It is feeling better piece
I have it well embraced that good
nights that you rest
ah